Full website spelling check + some url improvements (#952)
elixir-europe/rdmkit: pages/your_tasks/data_analysis.md

* Tips and tricks to navigate the landscape of software package management solutions:

>     * If you need multiple tools/programming languages, but your machines have different OS types or versions, list packages in a Conda `environment.yml`.

Reviewer: Suggested revision: _"If you need multiple tools or programming languages for a machine that has a different OS type or version, you can list relevant packages in Conda environment via your `environment.yaml` file."_ ?

If you want to tell a reader about fetching a list of packages in conda environment, you can mention `conda list -n <my_env>`.

Author: I like more the use of "Manage the software you need in an OS independent way by listing all relevant packages in the Conda environment via your environment.yaml file.

What do you think?

Reviewer: Sounds good!

>     * If you need multiple tools/programming languages, but your machines have different OS types or versions, list packages in a Conda `environment.yml`.

Author: ```suggestion
    * Manage the software you need in an OS-independent way by listing all relevant packages in your Conda environment via the `environment.yaml` file.
```

    * If you need conflicting versions of some tools/libraries for different operations, make separate Conda environments.

>     * If you need a few open source libraries for your Python script, none which require compiling, make a `requirements.txt` and reference `pip` packages.

Reviewer 2: "...none which..." should be "...none of which...'

Author: Done, thanks!
